So in business, people see kind of new shiny tools and technologies, and they immediately
pivot to this is exactly what we need, we need AI here yesterday.
And I think in some cases, you know, companies may not have data in a position where it is,
you know, ideal to kind of, you know, send off to a GPT model, for example, there might
be other kind of pre processing steps that may need to happen.
But I think in general, it's learning more about kind of the the limitations and also
where you know, like a generative AI model excels.
So it's, you know, mostly around generating content, and can help you facilitate having
a conversation with a body of knowledge is another way that I tend to think about generative
AI models.
And, you know, seeing what kind of problem spaces these models, you know, excel in, and
I think it's really just around practicing with them, and getting an understanding of
what they can do, and what they can't do to help inform, you know, okay, now that I have
an understanding, what what business challenge can I maybe apply this to?